Jhn 8:31
To the Jews who had believed him, 
Jesus said, “If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples.

Jhn 8:32
Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.”

Jhn 6:63
The Spirit it is that gives life.
the flesh profits nothing:
the words that I [speak (to) | tell] you
spirit are and life are.

Jhn 6:53
Then Jesus said unto them,
Verily, verily, I say unto you, 
Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, 
and drink his blood,
ye have no life in you.

Rev 19:13
And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: 
and his name is called The Word of God.

Heb 4:12
For the word of God is quick, and powerful,
and sharper than any twoedged sword, 
piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, 
and of the joints and marrow, 
and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.

Jos 1:7
Only be thou strong and very courageous, 
that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, 
which Moses my servant commanded thee: 
turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, 
that thou mayest prosper whithersoever thou goest.

Jos 1:8
This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; 
but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, 
that thou mayest observe to do according 
to all that is written therein: 
for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, 
and then thou shalt have good success.

Jos 1:9

Have not I commanded thee? 
Be strong and of a good courage; 
be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: 
for the LORD thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

Deu 6:4
Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD:

Deu 6:5
And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, 
and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.

Deu 6:6
And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:

Deu 6:7
And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, 
and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, 
and when thou walkest by the way, 
and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.

Deu 6:8
And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, 
and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes.

Deu 6:9
And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates.

REV 3 19: 
Those whom I love I rebuke and discipline. So be earnest, and repent.

